README.md, before:

<p align="center">

<img  src="https://mk0abtastybwtpirqi5t.kinstacdn.com/wp-content/uploads/picture-solutions-persona-product-flagship.jpg"  width="211"  height="182"  alt="Flagship"  />

</p>

<h3 align="center">Bring your features to life</h3>

<a  href='https://github.com/jpoles1/gopherbadger'  target='_blank'><a href='https://github.com/jpoles1/gopherbadger' target='_blank'>[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk)
</a>
[![goreport](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/v2.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/v2)
[![license](https://badgen.now.sh/badge/license/Apache)](./LICENSE)

**Visit [https://docs.developers.flagship.io/](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/) to get started with Flagship.**

## Docs

- [Installation](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#installation)
- [Initialize and start](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#initialization)
- [Create a visitor](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#create-a-visitor)
- [Campaign integration](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#campaign-synchronization)
- [Hit tracking](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#hit-tracking)

## Examples

- [Ecommerce App](./examples/ecommerce)

## Contributors

- Guillaume Jacquart [@guillaumejacquart](https://github.com/guillaumejacquart)

## Licence

[Apache License.](https://github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE)

## About Flagship

<img src="https://www.flagship.io/wp-content/uploads/Flagship-horizontal-black-wake-AB.png" alt="drawing" width="150"/>

[Flagship by AB Tasty](https://www.flagship.io/) is a feature flagging platform for modern engineering and product teams. It eliminates the risks of future releases by separating code deployments from these releases :bulb: With Flagship, you have full control over the release process. You can:

- Switch features on or off through remote config.
- Automatically roll-out your features gradually to monitor performance and gather feedback from your most relevant users.
- Roll back any feature should any issues arise while testing in production.
- Segment users by granting access to a feature based on certain user attributes.
- Carry out A/B tests by easily assigning feature variations to groups of users.

<img src="https://www.flagship.io/wp-content/uploads/demo-setup.png" alt="drawing" width="600"/>

Flagship also allows you to choose whatever implementation method works for you from our many available SDKs or directly through a REST API. Additionally, our architecture is based on multi-cloud providers that offer high performance and highly-scalable managed services.

**To learn more:**

- [Solution overview](https://www.flagship.io/#showvideo) - A 5mn video demo :movie_camera:
- [Documentation](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/) - Our dev portal with guides, how tos, API and SDK references
- [Sign up for a free trial](https://www.flagship.io/sign-up/) - Create your free account
- [Guide to feature flagging](https://www.flagship.io/feature-flags/) - Everyhting you need to know about feature flag related use cases
- [Blog](https://www.flagship.io/blog/) - Additional resources about release management

Commit message:

Feature/revamp examples (#18)
* Fix example use cases, and add README to get started

* Update main readme to add contributors and examples run instructions

* Fix go mod and sum, and make the styling of the button safe for templating

* Fix sonar exclusions

* Update lint action

* Update lint

* Fx golang ci

---------

Co-authored-by: Guillaume <guillaume.jacquart@abtasty.com>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">

<img  src="https://mk0abtastybwtpirqi5t.kinstacdn.com/wp-content/uploads/picture-solutions-persona-product-flagship.jpg"  width="211"  height="182"  alt="Flagship"  />

</p>

<h3 align="center">Bring your features to life</h3>

<a  href='https://github.com/jpoles1/gopherbadger'  target='_blank'><a href='https://github.com/jpoles1/gopherbadger' target='_blank'>[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk)
</a>
[![goreport](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk)
[![Go Reference](https://pkg.go.dev/badge/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/v2.svg)](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/v2)
[![license](https://badgen.now.sh/badge/license/Apache)](./LICENSE)

**Visit [https://docs.developers.flagship.io/](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/) to get started with Flagship.**

## Docs

- [Installation](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#installation)
- [Initialize and start](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#initialization)
- [Create a visitor](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#create-a-visitor)
- [Campaign integration](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#campaign-synchronization)
- [Hit tracking](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/docs/go-v2-1#hit-tracking)

## Examples

- [Ecommerce App](./examples/ecommerce)

To run the example, clone the whole repository, go the the `./examples/ecommerce` folder, and run the instructions from the local README.md file.

## Contributors

- Guillaume Jacquart [@guillaumejacquart](https://github.com/guillaumejacquart)
- Kevin Jose [@kjose](https://github.com/kjose)
- Chadi Laoulaou [@Chadiii](https://github.com/Chadiii)

## Licence

[Apache License.](https://github.com/flagship-io/flagship-go-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE)

## About Flagship

<img src="https://www.flagship.io/wp-content/uploads/Flagship-horizontal-black-wake-AB.png" alt="drawing" width="150"/>

[Flagship by AB Tasty](https://www.flagship.io/) is a feature flagging platform for modern engineering and product teams. It eliminates the risks of future releases by separating code deployments from these releases :bulb: With Flagship, you have full control over the release process. You can:

- Switch features on or off through remote config.
- Automatically roll-out your features gradually to monitor performance and gather feedback from your most relevant users.
- Roll back any feature should any issues arise while testing in production.
- Segment users by granting access to a feature based on certain user attributes.
- Carry out A/B tests by easily assigning feature variations to groups of users.

<img src="https://www.flagship.io/wp-content/uploads/demo-setup.png" alt="drawing" width="600"/>

Flagship also allows you to choose whatever implementation method works for you from our many available SDKs or directly through a REST API. Additionally, our architecture is based on multi-cloud providers that offer high performance and highly-scalable managed services.

**To learn more:**

- [Solution overview](https://www.flagship.io/#showvideo) - A 5mn video demo :movie_camera:
- [Documentation](https://docs.developers.flagship.io/) - Our dev portal with guides, how tos, API and SDK references
- [Sign up for a free trial](https://www.flagship.io/sign-up/) - Create your free account
- [Guide to feature flagging](https://www.flagship.io/feature-flags/) - Everyhting you need to know about feature flag related use cases
- [Blog](https://www.flagship.io/blog/) - Additional resources about release management
